Adding note for OAuth configuration (#4009)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/auth/js/start.mdx

// You can get the current config object
const currentConfig = Auth.configure();
```

### Note about OAuth configuration parameters

> This settings can be found on Cognito User Pools console on **App Integration** section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings can be found in hthe Cognito User Pools console under **App Integration** section
```

> - `domain`: This can be found on **Domain name** sub section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `domain`: This can be found in the **Domain name** sub-section
```

> - `scope`: Remember to have the scope allowed on the Cognito App client, this can be found on **App client settings** sub section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scope`: Remember to have the scope allowed on the Cognito App client, this can be found on **App client settings** sub-section
```
